# HOW-TO-JOIN-THE-GREAT-ILLUMINATI-
NEW WORD OF ORDER ILLUMINATI SECRET SOCIETY Address: Brooklyn road 232. LA Country: United Kingdom Tel: +447458619294  Website: Illuminati.com  CONTACTS: you can also contact us on our email: illuminati.portal@usa.com or illuminatibrotherhud@outlook.com or contact us on whatsapp @ +447458619294 WELCOME TO Illuminati ==================================================================================================== = =================================================================================================== == ============ ==================================================================================== = ===  THESE ARE THE RULES AND REGULATIONS OF HOW YOU CAN BE PART OF THE ORGANIZATION.    HERE ARE THE BASICS OF HOW TO BECOME A NEW ILLUMINATI MEMBER  1* you must be over the age of 18 to make your own decision. 2* you must have a strong belief of Success. 3* you must be able to keep secrets to yourself. 4* you must be aware that your name sounds in the list of celebrities and super-rich. 5* you must have goals and desires of your dreams in life. 6*you must have a belief in the change/modern world of doing things. 7*you must be able to read/respect/understand the prayers of the Illuminati. 8*you have to be able to make a sacrifice(we do not mean rituals and no blood is required.) 9*you must have aim for joining the society.   ALL MEN AND WOMEN ARE WELCOME TO JOIN THIS SOCIETY OF ONLY SUCCESS, RESPECT AND SUPER-RICH.  NB: IF YOU ARE FINE WITH ALL THE CONDITIONS YOU HAVE READ; THEN LET US KNOW BY CONTACTING US ON WHATSAPP OR EMAIL. (illuminatibrotherhud@gmail.com  WHATSAPP +447458619294)  Rules and Regulations as a full member.  1.2 Try and help people 1.3 Always report offenders 1.4 Do not swear or break any run escape rules   JOIN THE MILLION WHO HAVE DISCOVERED THE LIGHT, WE HAVE SEEN MANY PEOPLE ONLINE ASK QUESTIONS ABOUT THE STORIES ON THE ILLUMINATI. MOST HAVE ASKED HOW THEY CAN JOIN, WHILE OTHER PREFERRED TO COMPREHEND THE PHENOMENON FURTHER. TODAY, I'LL TAKE A GANDER AT HOW TO JOIN THIS MYSTERIOUS SOCIAL ORDER. FEAR NOT FOR YOUR WAR-STRICKEN, POVERTY-RIDDEN PLANET: HELP IS ON THE WAY. THE ILLUMINATI'S PATH FOR HUMANITY - OUR UNIVERSAL DESIGN -HAS SPANNED CENTURIES TO SAFEGUARD THE HUMAN SPECIES FROM EXTINCTION. FOR THE FIRST TIME IN HISTORY, THE ILLUMINATI'S BROKEN IT'S SILENCE WITH ILLUMINATI: A TESTAMENT OF THIS PLANET'S FUTURE, WISDOM PREVIOUSLY AVAILABLE ONLY TO ELITE MEMBERS, AND YOUR LIGHT  GUIDE TO ALL THAT IS AHEAD. JOIN THE THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE FROM ALL WALKS OF LIFE WHO'VE COMMITTED THEMSELVES TO THE BETTERMENT OF THE HUMAN SPECIES AS A WHOLE - CHRISTIANS, MUSLIMS,ATHEISTS, HINDUS, BUDDHISTS, AND BELIEVERS OF ALL KIND. ILLUMINATI INTRODUCES TIME-TESTED MENTAL PROCESSES THAT MANY ATTRIBUTE TO INCREASING WEALTH, OVERCOMING HARDSHIPS, AND FINDING HAPPINESS.  THE LIGHT OF YOUR LIFE,DEPENDS ON YOUR DECISION MAKING,TO ACHIEVE YOUR DESIRE GOAL,IS BASED ON YOUR PROPER PLANNING,THE GREAT [BROTHERHOOD]ILLUMINATI,IS HERE TO DIRECT YOU TO YOUR DESIRE SUCCESS OR MAKE YOUR LIFE A MEANINGFUL,AND UNDERSTAND THE REASONS WHY YOU ARE LIVING,COME AND REGAIN YOUR HOPES.THE GREAT ILLUMINATI IS HERE TO INVITE THE SPIRIT OF [RICHES,FAME AND POWER] INTO YOUR LIFE  Is there an ILLUMINATI membership fee or monthly fees?      ILLUMINATI does not need donations of any kind and will never demand the payment of the membership. Anyone who requests money to be a member of ILLUMINATI must be reported to us.    The costs of our partners - for example, the fees involved in the manufacture of the Talisman, the printing of the Will, or the security for the attendants of Illuminios - are the exclusive responsibility of those who request them. The ILLUMINATI is not a charity and does not subsidize the costs of any person to improve their lives. The production of any item that bears our name is handled only by our partners and consultants.   For the sake of clarity, citizens are reminded that there is no harm to the position of a person with ILLUMINATI if they do not study the Will or exhibit their loyalty in public. These decisions are solely yours. There are no costs, fees or purchases required for loyalty to ILLUMINATI.   Never pay resellers who demand high prices for anything related to our organization. That search for benefits is not authorized and is probably false. Membership can not be sold, negotiated or transferred under any circumstances.    These policies are in force for the protection of our citizens. When the legitimacy of whoever claims to represent our organization is questioned, the real ILLUMINATI can be easily separated: money means nothing to those who print it.  To join Illuminati is easy.There is no human Sacrifice of any kind.There is no any loss of life.You can join from wherever you are.Joining the Illuminati brings you into the limelight of the world in which you live in today your financial difficulties are brought to an end your inseams lengthen we support you both financially and materially to ensure you live a comfortable life in comfortable slacks Are you a Business man or an Artist,Politicians or Pastor and you want to become big, Powerful and famous in the world, join us to become one of our official member today.you shall be given an ideal chance to visit the Illuminati and his representative after registrations is completed by you, no sacrifice, or human life needed, Illuminati brotherhood brings along wealth and famous in life, you have a full access to eradicate poverty away from your life now. it only a member who is been initiated into the church of Illuminati have the authority to bring any member to the church, so before you contact any body you must be link by who is already a member, Join us today and realize your dreams. we also help out our member in protection of drugs pushing, once you become a member you will be rich and famous for the rest of your life, Illuminati make there member happy so i will want you all to also be a member of the Illuminati Thanks contact email: illuminatibrotherhud@gmail.com  WHATSAPP @ +447458619294     NEW WORD OF ORDER ILLUMINATI SECRET SOCIETY Address: Brooklyn road 232. LA Country: United Kingdom Tel: +447458619294  Website: Illuminati.com  CONTACTS: you can also contact us on our email: illuminati.portal@usa.com or illuminatibrotherhud@outlook.com or contact us on whatsapp @ +447458619294 WELCOME TO Illuminati ==================================================================================================== = =================================================================================================== == ============ ==================================================================================== = ===
